Update key words (#65)
bbopt/NOMAD.jl: docs/src/tutorial.md

```

The reader can take a look at the [`test`](https://github.com/bbopt/NOMAD.jl/tree/master/test) folder for more complex examples.

## Trade-offs for computational time performance

The default parameters of `NOMAD.jl` closely follow the default parameters of the `NOMAD` software. More importantly, `NOMAD` tries

> to find the best solution possible according to the maximum budget of evaluations provided by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to find the best solution according to the maximum budget of evaluations provided by the user.
```

> However, it can happen the user has a cheap blackbox in terms of computational time and needs a solution in a "short" amount of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it happens that the user has a cheap blackbox in terms of computational time and needs a solution in a "short" amount of time.
```

Author: Done
